[Music]
my mom says that you're homeless is that
true
no i'm not homeless i'm just
houseless not the same thing right no
the book nomad land by jessica bruder is
about nomadic living
and being on the road it really showed
me just how extensive
that community is and how colorful
interesting
the lives of people that were in the
book i can't imagine what you're going
through
i think you've come to the right place
to find an answer
[Music]
i have always been fascinated with
subcultures
the idea that there might be a world
beyond the world we see
populated by people who are in some ways
creating their own space
no online is about fern played by
branson mcdormand
a woman in her 60s sets out on the road
as a modern-day vandweller i live in
there
it's my home in collaborating with chloe
about the character of fern we
talked a lot about how we were going to
bring things from my life from fran's
life into fern's life
just like my dad used to say what's
remembered
lives fern is a narrative thread
that ties the whole of nomad land
together
you are one of those lucky people that
can travel anywhere
yes ma'am and they sometimes call you
nomads the goal from the beginning was
how do i create a journey that could
seamlessly incorporate
all these rich details and interesting
characters that jessica has met
during the years of research she's done
it's about
those of us living on the road full time
trying to find a way to survive
these are people that have chosen
another way to live that most of society
wouldn't understand
seeing the contagious power of these
people
and what their stories mean has been
incredible to watch
this movie could give a service to
people that find themselves in
desperate situations there isn't another
way to go
there's something about the vastness and
the beauty of the american west
is something that's inspired generations
it reminds you
that you're not alone it reminds you
part of something bigger
there's a way to persevere that make you
feel
hope at the end
[Music]
you